when you have to travel for the military, T D Y or T 80 for a time frame
usually are authorized by your command. You go in through DTs and
build your ticket. And sometimes if it's a plane or rental car and
all the different things you might need once that's approved from your
command, you go on your trip and you have to pay for the trip yourself,
at least initially. Whether it's through a government credit
card that you're issued as soon as you come back from that trip is your
responsibility to quickly liquidated, We think within five business
days, it's then approved by your command, and normally you get paid
within 72 hours of that.